due to increased risk for non-response and cardiovascular events	由于心血管不良事件和药物无效的可能性增加
ENALAPRIL MALEATE	马来酸依那普利
FUROSEMIDE	呋塞米
SPIRONOLACTONE	螺内酯
Concurrent use of POTASSIUM-SPARING DIURETICS and ANGIOTENSIN CONVERTING ENZYME INHIBITORS may result in hyperkalemia.	同时使用保钾利尿剂和血管紧张素转换酶抑制剂可能导致高钾血症。
Concurrent use of ANGIOTENSIN CONVERTING ENZYME INHIBITORS and LOOP DIURETICS may result in postural hypotension (first dose).	同时使用血管紧张素转换酶抑制剂和髓袢利尿剂(又称高效能利尿药,主要作用于肾脏髓袢升支粗段，常用的药物有呋塞米、依他尼酸、布美他尼等。）可能导致体位性低血压。
Concurrent use of FUROSEMIDE and FOOD may result in decreased furosemide exposure and efficacy.	同时使用呋塞米和食物可能导致呋塞米暴露量降低、治疗效果变差。
Although such increases are usually transient, monitor serum potassium levels for persistent elevations in patients on this combination, especially in patients with renal dysfunction or diabetes and the elderly.  Severe arrhythmias and death have been reported from hyperkalemia with such combinations.	虽然同时使用保钾利尿剂和血管紧张素转换酶抑制剂的患者的血清钾水平升高通常是短暂的，但对该类​​患者,尤其是肾功能不全或糖尿病患者和老年人，进行血清钾水平的监测非常必要，因为已经有报道表明同时使用保钾利尿剂和血管紧张素转换酶抑制剂可能会引起高钾血症，进而导致严重心律失常和死亡。
If possible, discontinue the diuretic two to three days prior to adding an angiotensin converting enzyme (ACE) inhibitor.  Then, if blood pressure or heart failure are not controlled with the ACE inhibitor alone, the diuretic may be restarted.  If this is not possible, start with a very low dose of the ACE inhibitor in the evening and closely monitor blood pressure for a severe hypotensive response for four hours after the initial dose.  Monitor for hypotension, fluid status, and body weight regularly for up to two weeks after dose adjustments.	如果可能，应在加入血管紧张素转换酶（ACE）抑制剂前2至3天停用利尿剂。然后，如果单独使用ACE抑制剂控制不了血压或心力衰竭，则可以重新开始使用利尿剂；如果无法做到在使用血管紧张素转换酶抑制剂前停用利尿剂，应在傍晚开始服用极低剂量的ACE抑制剂，并在初始剂量后4小时内密切监测血压，以防止严重的低血压反应。在剂量调整后的两周内，定期监测低血压、体液状态和体重。
Administer furosemide on an empty stomach to avoid a reduction in the oral bioavailability of the drug and to maintain a more consistent diuretic effect.	空腹服用呋塞米可避免药物生物利用度的降低，同时可使利尿作用更稳定。
Concurrent use of ASPIRIN and METHOTREXATE may result in methotrexate toxicity (leukopenia, thrombocytopenia, anemia, nephrotoxicity, mucosal ulcerations).	同时使用阿司匹林和甲氨蝶呤可能导致甲氨蝶呤毒性（白细胞减少、血小板减少、贫血、中毒性肾损害、粘膜溃疡）。
In general, do not administer salicylates within 10 days of high-dose methotrexate (ie, doses used in cancer therapy).  If concomitant administration is necessary, monitor closely for toxicity, especially myelosuppression and gastrointestinal toxicity.  Concomitant administration of low-dose methotrexate (ie, doses used for arthritis, 7.5 to 15 mg per week) and NSAIDS has been well tolerated in many patients; however, caution is advised.  Higher doses of methotrexate, such as those used in psoriasis, have not been evaluated with concomitant salicylates administration.	一般来说，在使用高剂量甲氨蝶呤（如用于癌症治疗的剂量）10天内不要使用水杨酸。如果需要同时给药，应密切监测是否有毒性作用，特别是骨髓抑制和胃肠道毒性。低剂量甲氨蝶呤（如用于关节炎的剂量，每周7.5mg至15mg）和非甾体抗炎药的伴随给药在许多患者中已被良好耐受。但是，由于较高剂量的甲氨蝶呤（如用于牛皮癣的那些）与水杨酸联用的安全性尚未得到充分评估，建议谨慎使用。
Increased response， Increased ADR	药效增加，药物不良反应增加
due to incr
